we will begin in Photoshop cs6 with an
image that is ready to print start by
going to file and then print after
verifying that the correct printer is
selected choose Photoshop manages colors
from the color handling drop-down menu
under printer profile select the icc
profile for the media that you're
printing to next select the appropriate
rendering intense are the perceptual or
relative colorimetric make sure that
black point compensation is checked then
choose print settings on the main tab
begin by selecting the appropriate media
type then select a print quality and be
sure that color mode is set to no color
correction
on the page setup tab a temporary page
size can be created by choosing custom
size from the drop-down menu enter the
width and height and press ok to create
and save a page size select size options
enter the custom paper size name then
enter the width and height and press add
then press ok the newly created page
size is now available for selection from
the drop-down menu next for paper source
choose roll paper or manual for roll
paper width select the appropriate size
in roll paper options automatic cutting
can be turned on or off on the Layout
tab prints entered can be selected no
spaces at top or bottom can also be
selected to reduce the amount of paper
waste
next press ok and then print the job
will spool and be sent to the printer
for output if you have any questions
please contact a Lex check customer
specialist at 800 4539 538